Expand trusted types guidance (#37917)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/trustedscript/tostring/index.md

{{APIRef("Trusted Types API")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`toString()`** method of the {{domxref("TrustedScript")}} interface returns a string which may safely inserted into an [injection sink](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API#concepts_and_usage).

Reviewer: As per https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/37917/files#r1938642352 I'm concerned that we don't list more specifically the places this would used - either here or in concepts and usage. 

```suggestion
The **`toString()`** method of the {{domxref("TrustedScript")}} interface returns a string which may safely inserted into a [injection sink](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API#concepts_and_usage) that accepts JavaScript, such as X, Y , Z.
```

If you don't do as "such as" here, then still consider at least indicating the type of injection sink "that accepts JavaScript".

Reviewer: Ditto for other cases.

Reviewer 2: Also this should read "may safely be inserted"

Author: Sorry I think this is out of scope for this PR. I don't really want to go through all the TT reference pages at this point. Let's do that when it ships cross-browser.

Reviewer: @wbamberg You can reasonably avoid the changes I suggested, but the problem Luke is highlighting is a typo.

```suggestion
The **`toString()`** method of the {{domxref("TrustedScript")}} interface returns a string which may be safely inserted into an [injection sink](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API#concepts_and_usage).
```
